Add documentation for YARN-10623 auto refresh queue conf in CS (#3279)
apache/hadoop: hadoop-yarn-project/hadoop-yarn/hadoop-yarn-site/src/site/markdown/CapacityScheduler.md

  Remove the queue configurations from the file and run refresh as described above

### Enabling periodic configuration refresh

> Enabling queue configuration periodic refresh allows changing the configuration by editing the *conf/capacity-scheduler.xml* without the necessicity of calling yarn rmadmin -refreshQueues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling queue configuration periodic refresh allows reloading and applying the configuration by editing the *conf/capacity-scheduler.xml* without the necessicity of calling yarn rmadmin -refreshQueues.
```

| Property | Description |
|:---- |:---- |
| `yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.monitor.enable` | Enabling monitoring is necessary for the periodic refresh. Default value is false. |

> | `yarn.resourcemanager.scheduler.monitor.policies` | You should add `org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.capacity.QueueConfigurationAutoRefreshPolicy` to the policies list. Default value is `org.apache.hadoop.yarn.server.resourcemanager.monitor.capacity.ProportionalCapacityPreemptionPolicy`. |

Reviewer: Please do not use "you should..." here, as @bteke suggested, please use gerunds.
Also, can you describe in a short sentence what's the difference between ProportionalCapacityPreemptionPolicy vs. QueueConfigurationAutoRefreshPolicy and why the user should use the latter? 
Thanks.

Reviewer: Also, please also describe that this is a configuration property that holds a list of classes. So actually, it can be not too useful to remove the ProportionalCapacityPreemptionPolicy as it would turn off the preemption feature, so it should be explained in a nutshell that by adding more classes means more monitor tasks will be launched. Please make this a bit more disambiguous.

> | `yarn.resourcemanager.queue.auto.refresh.monitoring-interval` | You can adjust the interval for auto refreshing. Default value is 5000(5s). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `yarn.resourcemanager.queue.auto.refresh.monitoring-interval` | Adjusting the auto-refresh monitoring interval is possible with this configuration property. The value is in milliseconds. The default value is 5000 (5 seconds). |
```
